README.md, before:

 Liber Primus Puzzle Solver
This is a Python program that attempts to solve the puzzles found in the mysterious Liber Primus book, also known as the "Cryptic Manuscript".

Getting Started
Prerequisites
To run this program, you need to have Python 3.x installed on your computer.

Installing
Clone this repository or download the ZIP file and extract it to a folder on your computer.
Open a terminal or command prompt and navigate to the folder where you extracted the files.
Install the required Python packages by running the following command:
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Usage
Put the image file you want to solve in the images folder.
In the terminal or command prompt, navigate to the folder where you extracted the files.
Run the following command:
Copy code
jupyter notebook
A web browser window should open. Click on the Liber Primus Puzzle Solver.ipynb file to open it.
Follow the instructions in the notebook to solve the puzzle.
Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details

Commit message:

Refactor code and add decryption function for improved accuracy and readability

README.md, after:

GW - Futhark Decryption Model
This is a convolutional neural network model trained on the Futhark alphabet to decrypt messages encoded using Futhark. The model was trained using two datasets: RIMES and FUTHARK1.

Installation
To use this model, clone this repository and install the required packages by running:

Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Usage
To use the model, simply run the main.py script. This script loads the trained model and performs decryption on a pre-defined message. You can modify the message to be decrypted by editing the message variable in the main function.

Contributing
Contributions to this project are welcome. If you find any issues, please create an issue on this repository. If you want to contribute, please create a pull request.

Credits
This project was created by Kethland. The datasets used to train the model were obtained from RIMES and FUTHARK1. The decryption function was adapted from the Google Spreadsheet created by the Cicada 3301 group.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
